Yo
You are well-prepared for this prop
Jinfeng for this ivy feast
There's a lot of rehearsal, right? Yuan Gongzi, you don't know
As soon as this chess was released, he colluded with Pei Jiuling in everything
How dare you impersonate the Jin army
It's audacious
Is that so?
I'd like to see when it lasts
It's not true.
You can open it and take a look, and you'll know.
Pretty talkative
Said where it was stolen from, I said
It was delivered by Yanni Chang himself. Impossible
How could my sister send an invitation to a piece of trash like you?
Jin Fang, are you familiar with Yan Li?
I'm not familiar with some friends before
I didn't expect him to be invited better than me either
Hmph, this friendship must be fake
I'll answer it now.
Wait for death ahead.
On the night road ahead, this person has a more flamboyant personality
clear grievances
Although I have met him before
But the other way is to sleep all the way underground
I'm scared, relax.
Nothing to be afraid of
Tonight, the Ming Dynasty will serve the king
Understand it's true
With my energy
Can't control you
Yaoyao, of course you can't protect him
Cousins so far
There's only one choice.
That's the price.
Tang Ying God of War
Although you are the god of war of the Great Xia Guard
But after all, it's retired now
It's better to know the current affairs
The Yuan War God is about to be canonized as the king of heaven
Tang Yuan God of War
No matter how good you used to be
Now there is no way to compare with the king
Don't worry, I'm here today.
Tobacco
Can't get through
My Emperor God of War has arrived